API 01 Task: In this lab we have to collect and submit the key which is
stored as \'secret\' in the \'Admin\' account. Solution: 1.First we have
to sign up with our credentials. 2.After a successful login, we able to
see a category called \'New Secret\' in the dashboard.While clicking on
that \'new secret\' we can create a secret value and store it. 3.When we
press the \'home\' button we may able to see the secrets which are
created by the authenticated user. 4.While viewing the secrets we can
see a path \'/secret/2\' in the URL. So, here we just capture this
request in the proxy and change the path to \'/seret/1\' and get the 200
ok status code, through which we get the \'secret key\' for the user
\'admin\'.

API 02 Task: In this lab also, we have to collect and submit the key
which is stored as \'secret\' in the \'Admin\' account. Solution: 1.
Here I tried the same technique which we have used to solve the previous
lab but got \'403 forbidden\' in the response. 2. We can see that they
use JWT bearer token for authentication. In that JWT Token,the payload
part contains only the \'ID\' parameter. 3. So we have to change the
\'ID\' value from \'2\' to \'1\', then click apply changes and send the
request. 4. The server didn\'t verify the signature of the JWT token, So
we get \'200 ok\' status code and got the \'key\' for the admin user.

API 03 Task: In this lab also, we have to collect and submit the key
which is stored as \'secret\' in the \'Admin\' account. Solution: 1.
Here I tried the same technique which we have used to solve the previous
labs but got \'403 forbidden\' in the response. 2. This server checks
and verify the signature of the JWT token, So the only way to get the
\'key\' which is stored in the admin user is to findout the \'secret
key\' of the JWT token. 3. We can findout that \'secret key\' by using
the \'John the repper\' tool in kali linux, and we found the secret key
for the JWT token as \'secret\'. 4. Then we have to change the \'ID\'
value from \'2\' to \'1\' in the payload part of the JWT token and
signed them with the found \'secret\' key. Now we able to get the
\'key\' from the admin user.

API 04 Task: The challenge is to review the javascript of the page to
findout the hidden endpoint where we get the \'key\' to solve this lab.
Solution: 1. We were given a hint to check the HTML Page to get the
angular application name and with that application name we able to find
the hidden endpoint. 2. The angular application name is \'approval\' and
now we have to view the \'js\' file and findout the hidden endpoint as
\'/get_secret\' of that angular application. Note: The hidden endpoint
\'get_secret\' is only accessible for the post request.

API 05 Task: Here also the challenge is to review the javascript of the
page to findout the hidden endpoint but here the code is in the
compressed format. Solution: 1. We were given a hint to check the HTML
Page to get the angular application name and with that application name
we able to find the hidden endpoint. 2. The angular application name is
\'approval\' and now we have to view the \'js\' file and findout the
hidden endpoint of that angular application as \'/get_more_secret\'.
Note: The hidden endpoint \'get_more_secret\' is only accessible for the
post request.

API 06 Task: The challenge is to review the javascript of the page to
fidout the the hidden endpoint but here we have to send our request with
right header and cookies to get the \'key\'. Solution: 1. In this lab,
we get the hidden endpoint as \'/get_secret\' for that angular
application by using the similar techniques which we have used in the
previous labs. 2. When we tried to reach the hidden endpoint
\'/get_secret\', we received \'422 uprocessable entity\' rails error
message for CSRF protection in the response. In the challenge itself
they have mentioned to use the right header and cookies to get the
\'key\'. 3. So we have to set the csrf token in our request to get the
\'key\'. From the js file we able to see the csrf header as
\'X-XSRF-TOKEN\' and we get the csrf token by viewing the source page.
Note: The hidden endpoint \'/get_secret\' is only accessible for the
post request.

API 07 Task: The challenge for this lab is to review the javascript of
the page to find an information leak. Solution: 1. Here the information
is leaked in the js file. We can get the key by simply searching for the
keywords like approval, keys etc..

API 08 Task: In this lab the information are leaked in the HTTP response
through which we have to logged in as admin to get the \'key\'.
Solution: 1.The admin mail Id is given in the login page itself and have
the forget password functionality. Once click on the \'forget password\'
button, we can able to see the password reset url in the response. 2.
Copy that \'reset password\' url and paste it in the browser to set a
new password for the admin user. After changing the password, we able to
login as admin and get the key.

API 09 Task: Similar to the previous lab, here also the information is
leaked in the HTTP response through which we have to logged in as admin
to get the \'key\'. Solution: 1. Here also we followed the same
technique which we used to solve the previous lab but here the \'reset
password\' url is not shown in the response. So we simply change the
version from V2 to V1 in the path and able to get the \'reset password\'
url.

API 10 Task: The challenge is to register a user as an admin and so we
able to get the \'key\'. Solution: 1. As given in the hint we are going
to signup as admin with \'@libcurl.so\' domain but we couldn\'t signup,
because it also prevent us from registering with libcurl.so email
address. 2. So here we are going to bypass the validation, simply by
using \'admin@libcurl.so@gmail.com\' and signed in as admin.

API 11 Task: The challenge is to register a user as \'admin\' and so we
able to get the \'key\'. Solution: 1. We going to follow the same
techniques which we are used to solve the previous lab but here we have
to use \'.\' instead of \'@\' to bypass the validation.

API 12 Task: Here also we have to sign up as admin to get the \'key\'
and solve the lab. Solution: 1. The same techniques are used here which
we are used to solve the previous labs but here we have to replace
anyone of the character in \'libcurl.so\' with any special character and
so we logged in as admin and got the \'key\'.

API 13 Task: The challenge here is to sign up and login as admin inorder
to get the \'key\'. Solution: 1. We first tried to sign up using this
\'admin@libcurl.so\' mail address but due to client and server side
validation we couldn\'t signup using \'libcurl.so\' address. 2. So we
tried the same techniques which we are used to solve the previous lab
but here we can use case sensitive alphabets to bypass the validation
and finally logged in as admin and get the key.

API 14 Task: In this lab, we have to login as admin by bypassing the
hashed password. Solution: 1. Here we first simply give the admin
credentials with some random password and intercept the request to
change the password value with the hashed password, and finally we
logged in and got the \'key\'.

API 15 Task: In this lab, we have to find the \'key\' with the leaked
information in the login page. Solution: 1. While viewing the login page
we can see the login credentials for admin user get leaked. 2. Here the
admin\'s password is encrypted, we have to decrypt the password inorder
to get the \'key\'. 3. By viewing the source code for the login page, we
able to get the encryption and decryption key and finally decrypt the
password to get the key.

API PAYMENTS 01 Task: In this challenge we able to get the \'key\' by
simply bypassing the payment functionality. Solution: 1. First add some
items to the cart and once we click on the \'checkout\' we are
redirected to the payment page. 2. In the backend we able to see an API
which carries the payment successful url. We have to just decode that
url and paste it in the browser to get the \'key\'.

API PAYMENTS 02 Task: This one is just similar to the previous lab but
here we have to bypass the payment amount. Solution: 1. Here also we use
the same method which we are used to solve the previous lab, but here we
have to intercept the payment request and change the amount to 0 and
send the request. After the successful payment we are redirected to a
page where we get our \'key\' to solve the lab.

API PAYMENT 03 Task: The challenge here is to get the \'key\' by
bypassing the payment functionality. Solution: 1. In this lab we
couldn\'t reduce the amount like the previous one. So here we tried to
reduce the quantity to some negative value through which we able to
reduce the total amount and get the \'key\'.

API PAYMENT 04 Task: Our task is to get the \'key\' after a successful
payment by using the voucher \'HACKTHEPLANET\'. Solution: 1. First we
have to add some idems to our cart and apply the voucher code
\'HACKTHEPLANET\' before the checkout. 2. Since we can send the multiple
voucher request to the server because the server didn\'t validate
properly.

API PAYMENT 06 Task: We have to get the \'key\' by bypassing the payment
functionality. Solution: 1. In this lab also we have to use the same
techniques which we used to solve the \'API payment 03\' but here
instead of using some negative values in the quantity field, this time
we tried some decimal values(0.01) and so we reduced the total amount.

API PAYMENT 07 Task: The challenge here is to get the \'key\' by
bypassing the payment functionality. Solution: 1. First we have to add
items to the cart and on the intercept to capture the checkout requests.
2. In that request we tried to change the price value and send the
request through which we successfully completed the payment and got the
\'key\'.

MONGO IDOR Task: The task is to get the key which is stored in the admin
user to solve this lab. Solution: 1. While we loading the page we can
see the user credentials like mail address & username. 2. When checking
the backend API request, we able to see some \'id\' for each user. 3. We
then add the admin\'s \'id\' in the url and got the key for this lab.
